# Android-App-Developers-in-USA---Codism-Usa
Android mobile applications are mushrooming all through, unprecedentedly. Android mobile applications also provide great opportunities to brands and businesses to engage with their customers in newer ways. Android, which otherwise is just another operating system, has been one of the biggest disruptions in the field of mobile communication, entertainment and information sharing. Android has completely revolutionized the way mobile phones used to be perceived, turning them into a pandora’s box. Hundreds and thousands of Android mobile apps have emerged since then, and there’s little doubt that Android is the most popular mobile operating system across the world. The popularity of Android has also given rise to a lot of new possibilities and opportunities. At Codism, we, amongst many other specialties, are a top-notch android development company at heart. We provide superior android development services to our clients, with the best technology, features, and design as per their requirement and domain that mesmerize its users. We are enabled by a highly competitive team of developers, having to their credit several years of experience in android studio and other allied technologies to serve with solution of any Android operating system based problem. Codism has had a remarkable track record and an impressive body of work as an Android development company. We have worked on android development projects of varied nature and scale, for multiple domain clients. Further, we follow a well-structured development process at Codism, which leads to deep-rooted insight and helps in responding to the changing market trends in an iterative manner. Android is a mobile operating system serving by the most prominent organization of the world that is Google. If you are using a Smart phone, and you are not an apple fan, there’s almost a 100 percent chance that you are using Android. According to statistics, around 85 percent mobile users have Android based smart phones. The popularity of Android is not just because of the amazing user interface and functionalities that it provides, but also because it provides thousands of Mobile applications (and counting) serving a hundred different purposes and helping the users in multiple ways. Needless to say, being a product of Google, the operating system is trusted. Google has also developed amazing app development platforms (android studio), tools, add-ons and frameworks that ensure the applications on android keep on increasing, expanding and improving. To know more: https://codism.io/services/android-application-development-usa
